Feedback:
1. File naming - just a small detail but I suggest always using lowercase folder names "/Images/" should be "/images/". It's kind of the standard way of doing this.
2. Margin - So you mentioned backgrounds not getting centered in bigger screens. I saw the code and you were missing 'margin: auto;'. You had it as 'margin: 0;'. There are a variety of different ways to center something one of them includes margin auto. To make that effect work html tag like div class needs a defined width plus margin: auto; Sometimes people do this if they still want margins on top or bottom 'margin: 5px auto;'
3. For the missing search icon. In the css you added the '/hero/' to the file path once I removed that it was fixed. I also removed the text 'search' in between a tag since u only want to show the icon.
4. The css background for .iphone-11 and .watch weren't showing at first the url used in the css background was this: url("/Images/hero/iphone_11.jpg"). I removed the quotes and / in front of the images directory and made it look like this: url(images/hero/iphone_11.jpg)
5. Nicely done with the mobile stuff. See if you can setup int the same menu items inside of nav-list-mobile
6. Start adding more css to media queries play with background-size to adjust the scale of the image at certain screen sizes. Add background-color to .hero at smaller sizes when the white text disappears. You can use background-image instead of the just regular background. Its good practice to see how that works.
7. Try adding CSS for what it would look like when a phone is turned landscape. If you have trouble finding stuff on that let me know I can help. Let me know if you have questions on how to mock this up in your browser too. Use dev tools I hope you have started using that its a developer's ultimate tool. Maybe just add a few details to show you understand that skill.
8. Nice job with the JS toggle. I encourage practicing more of those DOM manipulations like adding classes, hiding elements, etc. It's another good skill for front end devs to have.
9. Also good job keeping your code nice a presentable, in the field most devs stress the importance of a clean and easy to ready file.


Overall great work sir keep it going! Look